they're strong dependable and have a
fetching personality their Labrador
Retrievers
Labs have a reputation as an all-purpose
all-weather sporting hub Elvis is a
three year old master hunting retriever
I think that the Labrador is number one
because they're a dual-purpose type of
dog they're great household companions
and pets but when you pick up a gun and
hunt they're ready to go
labs do one thing better than almost any
other dog they'll retrieve anything
anywhere anytime 150 years ago
these dogs were dragging fishermen's
nets in from the sea along the coast of
Newfoundland now being straight fish who
thought they could get away later they
were imported to England and became
hunting dogs still later these sturdy
dogs did police work and sniffed out
land mines in the first world war
labs come in three colors yellow black
and chocolate whatever the color they
are all built to practically live in the
water the thick tail is often compared
to an otters in the water
it works like a rudder the double coat
consists of a downy inner layer which
keeps him warm while the coarser oily
outer layer repels water
he's wash-and-wear and the weapon
between his toes gives his doggy paddle
an extra push full speed ahead
they also develop what's called a soft
mouth a configuration of teeth and lips
which allows them to carry game without
damaging it however the characteristic
that breeders take the most pride in
developing is temperament they're all
around athletes
versatile workers and loving companions
their combination of talent tenacity and
disposition is unmatched in the dog
world in duck country at the Downtown
labs have made themselves indispensable
and in the process heroes in our hearts